
So you want to become a Mercinary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
by The Armagedeon
Disclaimer (hey I gotta cover my ass too)
	I am in ABSOLUTELY NO WAY responsible for the methods used in this 
text. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR ACTIONS. Don't even think about using the 
methods in this book against me, mainly because I have a MUCH larger supply 
of stuff like this then you do. (and I might add that I have close to 100 
lbs. of high explosives ex.TNT) I also have my other private book "so you
want to foil a mercenary".  
Well with that over I can move to the good stuff. 
	The main things needed to become a merc is: many fake ID's, a gun 
store (where else are you gonna get gun powder for explosives), a hardware
store (very useful for chemicals and other stuff), some money, this book 
(duh!), a clean record (at least in the town your in), and some form of 
transportation.
   What you first need to do is to study your subject VERY intensly. (when I
say VERY I mean you should know about as much as he knows about himself or 
more) Watch when he leaves his house look for patterns in his schedual, 
take notes (keep all notes together I'll tell you why later), know his car,
know the license plate #, know the serial # (found on the windshield on the
drivers side at the bottom), look for patterns of when he is alone. Above
all though, be very careful about the way you get this information. You 
wouldn't want this person to know about your little information gathering,
because he's liable to call the Pigs (oops) Cops on you. Be VERY secretive.
Don't trust anyone with any information about you or your subject. Live by 
your fake ID, (it's best to get one that's from a different country). Don't
live in a house, live in an appartment, and pay cash for everything. Don't 
get a credit card, chequeing account, or any account for that matter. Always
use cash. Use don't file income tax and basically don't exist (legally).
you'll need this!

How To Create A New Indentity                    By The Walking Glitch
                     Courtesy of the Jolly Roger!
             
You might be saying, "Hey Glitch, what do I need a new identity for?"
The answer is simple. You might want to go buy liquor somewhere, right?
You might want to go give the cops the false name when you get busted
so you keep your good name, eh?  You might even want to use the new
identity for getting a P.O. Box for carding. Sure! You might even
want the stuff for renting yourself a VCR at some dickless loser of a
convenience store. Here we go:
Getting a new ID isn't always easy, no one said it would be. By following
these steps, any bozo can become a new bozo in a coupla weeks.
STEP 1
The first step is to find out who exactly you'll become. The
most secure way is to use someone's ID who doesn't use it themselves.
The people who fit that bill the best are dead. As an added bonus they
don't go complaining one bit. Go to the library and look
through old death notices. You have to find someone who was born about
the same time as you were, or better yet, a year or two older
so you can buy booze, etc. You should go back as far as you can for the
death because most states now cross index deaths to births so people
can't do this in the future. The cutoff date in Wisconsin is 1979, folks
in this grand state gotta look in 1978 or earlier. Anything earier there
is cool. Now, this is the hardest part if you're younger. Brats that
young happen to be quite resilient, takin' falls out of three story windows
and eating rat poison like its Easter candy, and not a scratch or
dent. There ain't many that die, so ya gotta look your ass off. Go
down to the library and look up all the death notices you can,
if it's on microfilm so much the better. You might have to go through
months of death notices though, but the results are well worth it.
You gotta get someone who died locally in most instances: the death
certificate is filed only in the county of death. Now you go down to
the county courthouse in the county where he died and get the
death certificate, this will cost you around $3-$5 depending on the state
you're in. Look at this hunk of paper, it could be your way to
vanish in a clould of smoke when the right time comes, like right after
that big scam. If You're lucky, the slobs parents signed him up with
social security when he was a snot nosed brat. That'll be another piece
of ID you can get. If not, thats ok too. It'll be listed on the death
certificate if he has one. If you're lucky, the stiff was born
locally and you can get his birth certificate right away.
STEP 2
Now check the place of birth on the death certificate, if it's in
the same place you standing now you're all set. If not, you can mail
away for one from that county but its a minor pain and it might 
take a while to get, the librarian at the desk has listings of where
to write for this stuff and exactly how much it costs. Get the Birth
cirtificate, its worth the extra money to get it certified
because thats the only way some people will accept it for ID. When yur
gettin this stuff the little forms ask for the reason you want it,
instead of writing in "Fuck you", try putting in the word "Geneology".
They get this all the time.  If the Death certificate looks good for
you, wait a day or so before getting the certified birth certificate
in case they recognize someone wanting it for a dead guy.
STEP 3
Now your cookin! You got your start and the next part's easy.
Crank out your old Dot matrix printer and run off some mailing labels
addressed to you at some phony address. Take the time to check your
phony address that there is such a place. Hotels that rent by the month
or large apartment buildings are good, be sure to get the right zip
code for the area. These are things that the cops might notice that
will trip you up.  Grab some old junk mail and paste your new lables
on them. Now take them along with the birth certificate down to the library.
Get a new library card. If they ask you if you had one before say that
you really aren't sure because your family moved around alot when
you were a kid. Most libraries will allow you to use letters as a form
of ID when you get your card. If they want more give them a sob story
about how you were mugged and got your wallet stolen with all your
identification. Your card should be waiting for you in about two weeks.
Most libraries ask for two forms of ID, one can be your trusty Birth
Certificate, and they do allow letters addressed to you as a second
form.
STEP 4
    
Now you got a start, it isn't perfect yet, so let's continue. You should
have two forms of ID now. Throw away the old letters, or better yet
stuff them inside the wallet you intend to use with this stuff.
Go to the county courthouse and show them what nice ID you got and get
a state ID card. Now you got a picture ID. This will take about two weeks
and cost about $5, its well worth it.
STEP 5
If the death certificate had a social security number on it you can go
out and buy one of those metal SS# cards that they sell.
If it didn't, then you got all kinds of pretty ID that shows exactly
who you are. If you don't yet have an SS#, Go down and apply for one,
these are free but they could take five or six weeks to get,
Bureaucrats you know... You can invent a SS# too if ya like, but the motto
of 'THE WALKING GLITCH' has always been "Why not excellence?".
STEP 6
If you want to go whole hog you can now get a bank account in your new
name.  If you plan to do alot of traveling then you can put alot
of money in the account and then say you lost the account book.  After 
you get the new book you take out all the cash. They'll hit you
with a slight charge and maybe tie-up your money some, but if you're
ever broke in some small town that bank book will keep you from being
thrown in jail as a vagrant.
ALL DONE?
So kiddies, you got ID for buying booze, but what else? In some towns
(the larger the more likely) the cops if they catch you for something
petty like shoplifting stuff under a certain dollar amount, will just
give you a ticket, same thing for pissing in the street. Thats it!
No fingerprints or nothing, just pay the fine (almost always over $100)
or appear in court.  Of course they run a radio check on your ID, you'll
be clean and your alter-ego gets a blot on his record.
Your free and clear.  Thats worth the price of the trouble you've gone
through right there.  If your smart, you'll toss that ID away if this
happens, or better yet, tear off your picture and give the ID to someone
you don't like, maybe they'll get busted with it.
If you're a working stiff, here's a way to stretch your dollar. Go to work
for as long as it takes to get unemployment and then get yourself fired.
Go to work under the other name while your getting the unemployment.
With a couple of sets of ID, you can live like a king.  These concepts
for survival in the new age come to you compliments of THE WALKING GLITCH.
First release of this phile 7/7/88.
This is for putting in their car

Calcium Carbide Bomb                            by The Jolly Roger
This is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. Exercise extreme caution.... Obtain some
calcium carbide. This is the stuff that is used in carbide lamps and
can be found at nearly any hardware store. Take a few pieces of this
stuff (it looks like gravel) and put it in a glass jar with some
water. Put a lid on tightly. The carbide will react with the water to
produce acetylene carbonate which is similar to the gas used in
cutting torches. Eventually the glass with explode from internal
pressure. If you leave a burning rag nearby, you will get a nice
fireball!
  
    (About the notes always keep them together just in case you are 
successful and the Cops suspect you, you can very easily destroy them.)
The next article is best for remote execution
Letter Bombs                            by The Jolly Roger
- You will first have to make a mild version of thermite. Use my 
recipe, but substitute iron fillings for rust. 
- Mix the iron with aluminum fillings in a ratio of 75% aluminum 
to 25% iron. This mixture will burn violently in a closed space 
(such as an envelope). This bring us to our next ingredient...
- Go to the post office and buy an insulated (padded) envelope. 
You know, the type that is double layered... Seperate the layers 
and place the mild thermite in the main section, where the letter 
would go. Then place magnesium powder in the outer layer. There is 
your bomb!!
- Now to light it... this is the tricky part and hard to explain. 
Just keep experimenting until you get something that works. The 
fuse is just that touch explosive I have told you about in another 
one of my anarchy files. You might want to wrap it like a long 
cigarette and then place it at the top of the envelope in the 
outer layer (on top of the powdered magnesium). When the touch 
explosive is torn or even squeezed hard it will ignite the 
powdered magnesium (sort of a flash light) and then it will burn 
the mild thermite. If the thermite didn't blow up, it would at 
least burn the fuck out of your enemy (it does wonders on human 
flesh!). 
-Jolly Roger-
Wasn't that just ever so much fun!!

Here's one that you'll really get a blast out of
Solidox Bombs                                   by The Jolly Roger
Most people are not aware that a volatile, extremely explosive 
chemical can be bought over the counter:  Solidox.
Solidox comes in an aluminum can containing 6 grey sticks, and can 
be bought at Kmart, and various hardware supply shops for around 
$7.00.  Solidox is used in welding applications as an oxidizing 
agent for the hot flame needed to melt metal.  The most active 
ingredient in Solidox is potassium chlorate, a filler used in many 
military applications in the WWII era.
Since Solidox is literally what the name says:  SOLID OXygen, you 
must have an energy source for an explosion.  The most common and 
readily available energy source is common household sugar, or 
sucrose.  In theory, glucose would be the purest energy source, 
but it is hard to find a solid supply of glucose.
Making the mixture:
[1]  Open the can of Solidox, and remove all 6 sticks.  One by 
     one, grind up each of the sticks (preferably with a mortar 
     and pestle) into the finest powder possible.
[2]  The ratio for mixing the sugar with the Solidox is 1:1, so 
     weigh the Solidox powder, and grind up the equivalent amount 
     of sugar.
[3]  Mix equivalent amounts of Solidox powder, and sugar in a 1:1 
     ratio.
It is just that simple!  You now have an extremely powerful 
substance that can be used in a variety of applications.  A word 
of caution:  be EXTREMELY careful in the entire process.  Avoid 
friction, heat, and flame.  A few years back, a teenager I knew 
blew 4 fingers off while trying to make a pipe bomb with Solidox.  
You have been warned!
SolidOx can no longer be bought in KMart.  A plumbing and heating supply
store, or even Sears may have small quantities for sale, at about
$18.00 for 10 stix.
                                                  ---Exodus
    Another truely original form of sabotage (which is original because I 
just thought of it) is to load a tennis ball FULL of strike anywhere match 
heads and keep that around. Then you take a dish, fill it up with drano, 
then put it in a place that is it very likely that it wouldn't be noticed.
Put the tennis ball under the drivers side seat so that when he sits down he
will put pressure on the tennis ball. Put LOTS of aluminum foil in the dish 
of drano and close the door. This is a sure fire winner because by sitting
down he will make the tennis ball with match head go up and Drano + aluminum
=HYDROGEN HA HA HA!!!! You shouldn't be hearing from that loser again (or at
least until he gets out of the burn unit which should be a couple of years)
PRETTY GOOD EH!!!!!
    Another truely great trap is the Exploding lightbulbs which is a light
bulb taken apart without disturbing the filament you fill the glass with 
black powder or some other nasty explosive. You assemble the bulb again and
presto you have an exploding lightbulb. You put it into the socket (with the
switch off of course)and then it is armed and ready. If they turn on the 
switch BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The coroner has to pick 
them up with a sponge!!!!!!!
    Another GREAT one is the LAND MINE (HE HE HE ) so here's the article.
How to make a landmine                          by The Jolly Roger
First, you need to get a pushbutton switch. Take the wires of it 
and connect one to a nine volt battery connector and the other to 
a solar igniter (used for launching model rockets). A very thin 
piece of stereo wire will usually do the trick if you are 
desperate, but I recommend the igniter. Connect the other wire of 
the nine-volt battery to one end of the switch. Connect a wire 
from the switch to the other lead on the solar igniter. 
       switch-----------battery
         \                  /
          \                /
           \              /
            \            /
            solar  igniter 
                  |
                  | 
                  |
              explosive
Now connect the explosive (pipe bomb, m-80, CO2 bomb, etc.) to the 
igniter by attaching the fuse to the igniter (seal it with scotch 
tape). Now dig a hole; not too deep but enough to cover all of the 
materials. Think about what direction your enemy will be coming from
and plant the switch, but leave the button visible (not TOO 
visible!). Plant the explosive about 3-5 feet away from the switch 
because there will be a delay in the explosion that depends on how 
short your wick is, and, if a homemade wick is being used, its 
burning speed. But if you get it right... and your enemy is close 
enough......... BBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM! hahahaha
                                          -EXODUS-
Or if you're afraid you might blow yourself to pieces you can use the 
weaponless death (HE HE HE)
-------[=How to Kill Someone==]------------[=WITH YOUR BARE HANDS=]-----
            
            AN EXCERPT FROM THE ANARCHISTS COOKBOOK II.....
                         Courtesy of Exodus
This file will explain the basics of hand-to-hand combat, and will tell
of the best places to strike and kill an enemy...
When engaged in hand-to-hand combat, your life is always at stake.
There is only one purpose in combat, and that is to kill your enemy.
Never face an enemy with the idea of knocking him out.
The chances are extremely good that he will kill YOU instead.
When a weapon is not available, one must resort to the full
use of his natural weapons. The natural weapons are:
1. The knife edge of your hands.
2. Fingers folded at the second joint or knuckle.
3. The protruding knuckle of your second finger.
4. The heel of your hand.
5. Your boot
6. Elbows
7. Knees
8. and Teeth.
Attacking is a primary factor. A fight was never 
won by defensive action. Attack with all of your strength.
At any point or any situation, some vulnerable point on your enemies
body will be open for attack. Do this while screaming as screaming has
two purposes.
1. To frighten and confuse your enemy.
2. To allow you to take a deep breath which, in turn, will put
more oxygen in your blood stream. Your balance and balance of your
enemy are two inportant factors; since, if you succeed in making
your enemy lose his balance, the chances are nine to
one that you can kill him in your next move. The best over-all
stance is where your feet are spread about shoulders width apart, 
with your right foot about a foot ahead of the left. Both arms
should be bent at the elbows parallel to each other. Stand on the
balls of your feet and bend your waist slightly. Kinda of like a
boxer's crouch. Employing a sudden movement or a scream or yell can
throw your enemy off-balance. There are many vulnerable points of
the body. We will cover them now:
Eyes:Use your fingers in a V-shape and attack in gouging motion.
Nose:(Extremely vulnerable) Strike with the knife edge of the hand
along the bridge, which will cause breakage, sharp pain, temporary
blindness, and if the blow is hard enough, death. Also, deliver a blow 
with the heel of your hand in an upward motion, this will shove the
bone up into the brain causing death.
Adam's Apple: This spot is usually pretty well protected, but if you
get the chance, strike hard with the knife edge of your hand. This
should sever the wind-pipe, and then it's all over in a matter of
minutes.
Temple: There is a large artery up here, and if you hit it hard
enough, it will cause death. If you manage to knock your enemy down,
kick him in the temple, and he'll never get up again.
Back of the Neck: A rabbit punch, or blow delivered to the base of
the neck can easily break it, but to be safe, it is better to
use the butt of a gun or some other heavy blunt object.
Upper lip: A large network of nerves are located. These nerves are
extrememly close to the skin. A sharp upward blow will cause extreme
pain, and unconciosness.
Ears: Coming up from behind an enemy and cupping the hands in a clapping
motion over the victims ears can kill him immediately. The vibrations
caused from the clapping motion will burst his eardrums, and cause 
internal bleeding in the brain.
Groin: A VERY vulnerable spot. If left open, get it with knee
hard, and he'll buckle over very fast.
Kidneys: A large nerve that branches off to the spinal cord comes very
close to the skin at the kidneys. A direct blow with the knife edge
of your hand can cause death.
There are many more ways to kill and injure an enemy, but these should
work best for the average person. This is meant only as information
and I would not recommend that you use this for a simple High School Brawl.
Use these methods only, in your opinion, if your life is in danger.
Any one of these methods could very easily kill or cause permanent damage
to someone. One more word of caution, you should practice these moves
before using them on a dummy, or a mock battle with a friend.
(You don't have to actually hit him to practice, just work on accuracy.)
Its GRRRRRRRREAT!!!!!!!!!!
here's another of the primative sort enjoy!!

Blowgun                                         by The Jolly Roger
In this article I shall attempt to explain the use and manufacture
of a powerfull blow-gun and making darts for the gun.The possesion of
the blow gun described in this article IS a felony.
So be carefull where you use it. I don't want to get you all busted.
Needed:
1. Several strands of yarn (About 2 inches a-piece)
2. A regular pencil
3. A 2 1/4 inch long needle (hopefully with a beaded head. If not
   obtainable,wrap tape around end of needle.
4. 2-3 1/4 foot pipe. (PVC or Aluminum) Half a inch in diameter
Constructing the dart:
1st- Carefully twist and pull the metal part (Along with eraser)
of the pencil till it comes off.
2nd- Take Pin and start putting about 5-7 Strands of yarn on the pin. Then
push them up to the top of the pin. But not over the head of the pin (orthe tape).
3rd- Push pin through the hollow part of the head where the pencil was before.
4th- That should for a nice looking dart. (see illustration)
     #####
>>>>>-----/    #  is the yarn     
               >  is the head of the pencil
               -  is the pin it-self
               /  is the head of the pin
Using the Darts:
  
1st- Now take the finished dart and insert it in the tube
(if it is too small put on more yarn.)
2nd- Aim the tube at a door, wall, sister, ect.
3rd- blow on the end of the pipe.
4th- Sometimes the end of the pipe may be sharp. When this happens I
suggest you wrap it with some black electrician tape.It should feel
a lot better.
                                -= Exodus =-

Here's one for the SUICIDAL mercinary!
Nitroglycerin Recipe                            by the Jolly Roger
Like all chemists I must advise you all to take the greatest care
and caution when you are doing this.  Even if you have made this stuff
before.
This first article will give you information on making
nitroglyerin, the basic ingredient in a lot of explosives such as
straight dynamites, and geletin dynamites.
Making nitroglycerin
1. Fill a 75-milliliter beaker to the 13 ml. Level with fuming
   red nitric acid, of 98% pure concentration.
2. Place the beaker in an ice bath and allow to cool below room
   temp.
3. After it has cooled, add to it three times the amount of
   fuming sulferic acid (99% h2so4).  In other words, add to the
   now-cool fuming nitric acid 39 ml. Of fuming sulferic acid.
   When mixing any acids, always do it slowly and carefully to
   avoid splattering.
4. When the two are mixed, lower thier temp. By adding more ice
   to the bath, about 10-15 degrees centigrade. (Use a
   mercury-operated thermometer)
5. When the acid solution has cooled to the desired temperature,
   it is ready for the glycerin. The glycerin must be added in
   small amounts using a medicine dropper.  (Read this step about
   10 times!)  Glycerin is added slowly and carefully (i mean
   careful!) Until the entire surface of the acid it covered with
   it.
6. This is a dangerous point since the nitration will take place
   as soon as the glycerin is added. The nitration will produce
   heat, so the solution must be kept below 30 degrees
   centigrade! If the solution should go above 30 degrees,
   immediately dump the solution into the ice bath!  This will
   insure that it does not go off in your face!
7. For the first ten minutes of nitration, the mixture should be
   gently stirred.  In a normal reaction the nitroglycerin will
   form as a layer on top of the acid solution, while the sulferic
   acid will absorb the excess water.
8. After the nitration has taken place, and the nitroglycerin has
   formed on the top of the solution, the entire beaker should be 
   transferred slowly and carefully to another beaker of water. 
   When this is done the nitroglycerin will settle at the bottem
   so the other acids can be drained away.
9. After removing as much acid as posible without disturbing the
   nitroglycerin, remove the nitroglycerin with an eyedropper and
   place it in a bicarbonate of soda (sodium bicarbonate in case
   you didn't know) solution.  The sodium is an alkalai and will
   nuetralize much of the acid remaining. This process should be
   repeated as much as necesarry using blue litmus paper to check
   for the presence of acid.  The remaining acid only makes the
   nitroglycerin more unstable than it already is.
10. Finally! The final step is to remove the nitroglycerin from
    the bicarbonate.  His is done with and eye- dropper, slowly
    and carefully.  The usual test to see if nitration has been
    successful is to place one drop of the nitroglycerin on metal
    and ignite it.  If it is true nitroglycerin it will burn with
    a clear blue flame.
** Caution **
Nitro is very sensative to decomposition, heating dropping, or
jarring, and may explode if left undisturbed and cool.
                              ---------Exodus--------
now just leave it on his porch against the door or something like that so he
spills it and BOOOOOMMMM!!!!! the only problem here is getting it to his 
house without going BOOM yourself (I can't offer any suggestions because 
I've been smart enough NOT to mess with the stuff)
 
Here's a great one to do to his car:
Unstable Explosives                             by the Jolly Roger
Mix solid Nitric Iodine with househould ammonia. Wait overnight and
then pour off the liquid. You will be left with a muddy substance. Let
this dry till it hardens.  Now throw it at something!!!!
                                ------------Exodus-----------
What you do with this stuff is to put in his door hinge or something that 
contacts hard when he normally drives.
This one is a MUST for the serious mercinary
Low Signature Systems (Silencers)                  by the Jolly Roger
     Low signature systems (silencers) for improvised small arms weapons 
can be made from steel gas or water pipe and fittings.
Material Required:
-----------------
Grenade Container
Steel pipe nipple, 6 in. (15 cm) long - (see table 1 for diameter)
2 steel pipe couplings - (see table 2 for dimensions)
Cotton cloth - (see table 2)
Drill
Absorbent cotton
Procedure:
---------
1) Drill hole in grenade container at both ends to fit outside diameter 
of pipe nipple. (see table 1)
                 ->    /----------------------\
                /     |                        |
        2.75 in |      )                      ( <-holes
         dia.   \     |                        |
                 ->   \-----------------------/
                      
                      |-----------------------|
                               5 in.
2) Drill four rows of holes in pipe nipple. Use table 1 for diameter and 
location of holes.
                      (Note: I suck at ASCII art!)
                             
                                6 in.
                |-----------------------------------|
                _____________________________________ ___
                | O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O |  | C (nom. dia.)
                -------------------------------------
         (size of hole)   |                   \ / (space between)
                          B (dia.)             A
3) Thread one of the pipe couplings on the drilled pipe nipple.
4) Cut coupling length to allow barrel of weapon to thread fully into low 
signature system. Barrel should butt against end of the drilled pipe 
nipple.
5) Seperate the top half of the grenade container from the bottom half.
6) Insert the pipe nipple in the drilled hole at the base of the bottom 
half of the container. Pack theabsorbent cotton inside the container and 
around the pipe nipple.
7) Pack the absorbent cotton in top half of grenade container leaving 
hole in center. Assemble container to the bottom half.
8) Thread the other coupling onto the pipe nipple.
Note: A longer container and pipe nipple, with same "A" and "B" 
dimensions as those given, will furthur reduce the signature of the 
system.
How to use:
----------
1) Thread the low signature system on the selected weapon securely.
2) Place the proper cotton wad size into the muzzle end of the system 
(see table 2)
3) Load weapon
4) Weapon is now ready for use
TABLE 1 -- Low Signature System Dimensions
------------------------------------------
                                        (Coupling)  Holes per   (4 rows)
               A         B         C         D         Row        Total
------------------------------------------------------------------------
.45 cal        3/8       1/4       3/8       3/8       12           48
.38 cal        3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48
  9 mm         3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48
7.62 mm        3/8       1/4       1/4       1/4       12           48
.22 cal        1/4       5/32      1/8*      1/8       14           50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
           *Extra Heavy Pipe
       (All dimensions in inches)
TABLE 2 -- Cotton Wadding - Sizes
---------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------
Weapon                        Cotton Wadding Size
-------------------------------------------------
.45 cal                       1-1/2 x 6 inches
.38 cal                       1 x 4 inches
  9 mm                        1 x 4 inches
7.62 mm                       1 x 4 inches
.22 cal                       Not needed
-------------------------------------------------
(Note: you MUST get the specs exact for silencers or else YOU will be 
 the victim, I just thought I'd mention that)
Now for those of you who don't want to buy a gun or register it. You 
can make one (of course you might not want to register it because it's
ILLEGAL)
One very good method if your mark is a Cop is shoot him with armor
percing bullets. These can be made very easily all you do is buy a teflon 
coated pan, scrape off the teflon, melt it down dip the tips of the bullets 
in it and let them cool. Now you have your very own set of cop killers.
Isn't that nice hehehe!!!!!!!!
Another nice little bullet creation is the dum dum bullet. To make it just
saw off the tip of the bullet sand it down and mark it with a *. It should
look like my diagram or at least close to it. What this baby does is instead
of mushrooming or staying whole is breaks apart in mid air and tears the 
target to shreds with the nice little shrapnel effect it has. Try hunting
with that.
|--------\___
|         ___|      (*)
|--------/
Well this is about it for this book. Happy Hunting! (and remember this is 
for entertainment purposes I am in no way encouraging you to do anything)
***************************************************************************
696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696
This has been an Armagedeon production
(c)1996 destribute as much as you want as long as you do not alter it or 
put your name on it saying that it's your product. If you do I'll have to 
hunt you!!!! Remember that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look for the next issue featuring POISONS!!!!! 
Here on Dynamite BBS the home BBS of the Armagedeon!!!
If you like this leave me e-mail telling me your comments or critiques.
